README.md, before:

# CommitToMemory

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.


## Notes

When the app loads, only the app module is loaded.
The main module is the home page where links other pages are displayed.
Modules are lazy-loaded when the user navigates from the home page.

There are 3  main modules in the project:
- `core` : this has the main functionality: creating flashcards and reviewing them 
- `settings`: all user configurable settings. like flashcard types, review systems
- `plugins`: additional features. like statistics, searching flashcards, creating quizzes

Commit message:

backend service, changes in readme

README.md, after:

## Setup notes

- This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.1.
- Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
- Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Notes

When the app loads, only the app module is loaded.
The main module is the home page where links other pages are displayed.
Modules are lazy-loaded when the user navigates from the home page.

There are 3  main modules in the project:
- `core` : this has the main functionality: creating flashcards and reviewing them 
- `settings`: all user configurable settings. like flashcard types, review systems
- `plugins`: additional features. like statistics, searching flashcards, creating quizzes 

## Storing data

Assuming all data is accessed via REST API. The API is just to store data. All logic is implemented in the project.
